Jackson came to us a couple weeks ago
from the the gentleman who had been
taking care of him he actually wasn't
stray at the time that the gentleman
found him it was you know just a stray
cat that was wandering around his home
he had been outside he was given some
food to him he knew he couldn't bring
him in himself and keep him for his own
when the gentleman found Jackson he
actually had noticed that there was a
large chunk of ice wrapped around his
tail basically just frozen to his tail
other than that he seemed to be in in
okay condition - the fact that he had
this large piece of ice on his tail so
once he had been taking care of him he
wanted to seek some medical attention
and try to help the guy out the
gentleman came in and went down to our
clinic to get some more information to
see if they could at least take a look
at him first and see what was wrong and
see if there was anything that he could
do to help cover any costs for any of
his medical issues that were happening
with them our veterinarians at that time
said that he would need a tailor
imputation due to the fact that it was
frozen and it had actually the tail had
actually died the best option at that
point was to amputate the tail in order
for him to have a better life the the
gentleman intentionally had wanted to
cover the costs and take it upon himself
to personally pay for everything that
Jackson needed in order to be available
for adoption right now
Jackson currently just got evaluated by
our veterinarians again they said that
he's cleared of his URI in his tail
imputation is healing well his stitches
had been removed and hair starting to
regrow overtop of his tail Jackson is
currently available at our Detroit
Center for animal care